Today's Goals:
Finsih Devlog, essays, and upload work to repository and turn in alll work. Merge my work to tech-assesment.



Today's Summary:
I finished my essays and merged my work with the code given to us. I learned how to upload a an angular app from VSCode to gitHub using a video tutorial.
I ran into a problem where the remote origin aleady existed, however, I had never set the origin name before. I used the command "git remote -v"
to find out what the current origin name is. This let me know that it was still tied to the Cyber4All repo url. 
I did some Googling and found out how to get rid of the old origin name. I used the command "git remote remove origin" and replaced it with the url of my new repository. I also ran into an issue were there was a git error: failed to push some refs to remote. I found that this could easily be fixed with a command like "git pull --rebase" and "git push".




Overall Summary:
I am so glad to have applied to this position and I am so thankful to be given this opportunity. I learned so much more than
I thought I would from simply applyin to a job! This tech-assesmnet truly showed me that I can learn so much in a week
if I know where to look and if I know how to manage my time. Although I truly wish I had been abel to get further with this
project, I am proud of myself for learning basic knowledge on three programming languages I was unfamiliar with an learning
the basics of gitHub and creating my first ever webpage! 

The knowledge I gained from just this tech-assesment is truly invaluable on my journey as a software developer and has changed
the way I see research and they way in which I will manage my tinme. Now I know that when sonething is brand new to me,
I learn better from videos rather than articles, but if it is sowthing I am faniliar with, then artiscles can help me brush up.
I also learned it is better not to rush and go in the proper order, so you really unnderstand what you are doing.
With the knowledge I learned about gitHub, I can go back to the other students in the GameDesign club and teach them how to 
do it too, since so many were like me and confused by it. 

I plan to continue working on what I learned and on this project and getting the routing on my website working post this 
assesment. I am not one to stop learning and figuring things out. Given more time I am positive I can have this website
running properly. With programming thing always come together in the end. There's an answer somewhere!

Thank you again for the opportunity and I hope you had a wonderful holiday! I look forward to hearing from you.

-Kali Ferguson


Links Used:
https://www.cloudbees.com/blog/remote-origin-already-exists-error
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24114676/git-error-failed-to-push-some-refs-to-remote
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRV53m7kMoQ&ab_channel=ErvisTrupja
